9/13/2009

After the database schema is loaded and the code is copied into your web directory fire up your browser and open the URL
to that webserver (Refer to the “how to install the board” document). In my case I have installed it on the top level on
my localhost, so http://localhost will work in this situation.

First walk through:
-Now, Digaboard should load and display the “Who are you?” dialog... this is just prompting you to identify yourself.
 There is a default user called “Your Name”. Select this to continue using the board.

-After selecting “Your Name” you will be looking at the team board. The team board is a visual display of the configured
 teams and active or inactive projects. You cannot move to the project board until you select a team. So, select one now
 by clicking any where in the “My Team” active box.

-Now that you have selected a team you can continue to the project board by clicking the Team icon on the top right menu.
 (Team is displayed because this is the board you are looking at, if clicked you will be taken to the project board and
 the icon will say Project to indicate that you are looking at the project board.)

-There a single task on the project board called “Cool task on the board”. You can hover over it to see enlarged text and
 more information. You can also click on the task for the full dialog box that allows you to change status, set as a blocker,
 add/view comments, assign users, and edit the task details. Close out of this by clicking on the task title (or the close
 button in the upper right corner) and you will be returned back to the project board.

-What are those numbers above the status labels on the left (Ready, Doing, Review)? These are the queue limits. If too many
 tasks are put into that status. ex: if Ready has 4 as its limit... 5 tasks put into Ready will trigger red visual indicators
 to be shown on the project board and when opening the tasks full dialog box. You can configure these numbers by click on them
 to load the board options dialog box which is also accessible from the right menu bar with the wrench icon.

How do I get my team, users, projects, and tasks setup?
Start by creating your own team:
 1.Click the Add (+) icon on the right menu bar.
 2.Click on the team tab
 3.Enter your teams name
 4.Create queue limits if you want them
	Leave at 0 for unlimited or disabled queue limits
 5.Set board visuals
	When tasks sit on the board for too long they will automatically be flagged with a visual indicator.
	Ex: If Ready is set to 5 days and a task is sitting in the Ready status for over 5 days it will be flagged
	with a red indicator.  Tasks in Ready status under the configured 5 days will be flagged with a green indicator.
	And recently moved tasks within 24 hours will be flagged with a blue indicator.
 6.Click “Add”


Then, create a new user for the newly created team:
 1.You should still be in the “Add new...” dialog
 2.Click on the Members tab
 3.Enter your name and email
 4.Select your team from the drop down list
 5.Click “Add”
 6.Close the “Add New...” dialog box (by clicking on the Add new title or the close in upper right)

Remove the default Task, Project, User, and Team
 1.While on the Project board open the “Cool task on board” task
 2.Click the Edit tab and click the “Delete” button
 3.You will get a “Item removed” confirmation, click close to return to the project board
 4.Click the “My First Project” project title link at the top of the Project board
 5.The project dialog box will open
 6.Click the Edit tab and click the “Delete” button
 7.You will get another “Item removed” confirmation, click close to return to the project board
 8.The Project board will give you notification that there are no active projects
 9.Return to the team board by clicking the “Project” icon on the top right menu
 10.Click the “My Team” team title link at the top of the Team board
 11.Under the “Members” tab click on the Delete button for the “Your Name” user
 12.Click the Edit tab and click the “Delete” button
 13.You will get a “Team removed” confirmation, click close to return to the team board
 14.Log-out of the “Your Name” user by clicking the Key icon on the bottom right of the menu bar
 15.Select your new user that you previously created from the “Who are you?” dialog box
 16.Select your new team from the Team board

Create a new project and tasks for your new team
 1.Assuming you have completed 14, 15, 16 from above. Click the Add (+) icon on the right menu bar.
 2.Click the Project tab on the “Add new...” dialog box that opened
 3.Name your project and give it a clear description
 4.Click “Add”
 5.Click the Item tab on the “Add new...” dialog box
 6.Your new project should show up in the “Add item into” drop down
 7.Name your task and give it a clear description
	 1.Note: By default items will go into the Pool status. This is the hover item at the bottom of theProject column called “Pool Items”
 8.Click “Add”
 9.Repeat these steps for more Items and/or Projects

That should be it. You are now ready to add all of your projects and tasks. Sorry for the lengthy steps in removing and setting
up your new team. There are plans to make this easier with a “first run” wizard that will ask you all of this and build your
board without so many steps.

